Name: David Rasmussen \\
Address: Islands brygge 56b 1tv \\
Zip nr. 2300 Koebenhavn S \\
Phone number: 26325635 \\
E-mail: david2300@hotmail.com \\
Country: Danmark \\
Date of birth: 11/06/1995

#Work experience
2010 - 2012 Netto - Sevice employee
2012 - 2013 Bauhaus Valby - Salesman
2013 - 2014 Q8 - Sales Assistant
2016 - 2018 Elgiganten Glostrup - Cross operation 
2018 - 2020 Concept - Client service 

#Education
2011 - 2014 HTX-Hilleroed, Biotech
2015 - 2018 Aalborg university Bachelor of Software Engineering
2018 - 2020 Aalborg university Master of Software Engineering


#Freetext
I learned to tackle multiple things at once, while working at Q8, since I was alone in the shop.

I was responsible for handling company customers at Bauhaus.

My slogan is "if its worth doing, then its worth doing properly".

Everything i do, i try to be a perfectionist about it.

I'm fluent in english and danish.

My highschool exam project was using c sharp (unity) to make a game.

I have elementary understand of business and economics.

I have taken courses in analysis.

Im incredibly disciplined, and work good in teams.

I have lots of skills in programming.

I have a good fundamental understanding of databases.

I take a large interest in electronics. i have done multiple projects.

through university, i have learned c in depth.

I'm proficient in C++.

I have made my own website using Javascript, HTML5 and CSS.

I'm able to do mathematical optimization using matlab.

my earlier work include: working at a sushi restaurant, Bilka, bauhaus, Q8, and with selling christmas trees.
because of this, im disciplined in customer service.

I am also good at handling lots of things at once, without getting stressed out.
I took a high school diploma in biotechnology: I finished with a grade of 10.7.

Throughout highschool, i joined a lot of extra curricala activities.

I love presenting: i have therefore heavily improved my oral skills.

One of my core interests lie in history.

I love discussion philosophy, and especially moral ambiguities.

I read a lot of philosophy in my free time.

I'm concise and well spoken in my communication.

I was an incredible dedicated person.

I have done multiple extra projects in my free time.

I have made my own self driving RC car.

I have made a robot, that can drive on its own.

I have spent a lot of time during integrated circuits in my free time.

I once made an embedded electronic watch/thermometer for my girlfriend.

I love helping people.

I have taken a BSc and MSc degree in software engineering.

My Bsc was focused on group work, which has honned my team skills.

I was always the teamleader during group projects.

We did a multi group project, which made me good at agile and large scale software development.

I have experience using Git as a resource management tool.

I specialized in articifial intelligence and cloud computing.

I have expertise in javascript, .Net, Css, Html, SQL to do general web programming.

I have experience in python using their libraries to do machine learning.

I have good experience using Java

I have done a lot of lowlevel programming, including: microproccessor programming, and using the language C.

I have skills in optimization, more specifically how to use financial and management optimizaiton.

I have Multiple years of experience in algorithms and datastructures.

I'm capable of tackling most complex computer science problems.

I have experience coding in Windows and linux.

Experience using scrum meetings as a part of the everyday organisational process.
